Add release automation script (#65)
eclipse-score/bazel_registry: README.md

# Verify copyright:
bazel run //tools:copyright.check
```
## Release automation

The release automation workflow will run 2 times a day once in 12 AM and once in 12 PM.

> In case the user need an urgent release of a module to be merged he can still run the file ```scripts/check_and_update_modules.py``` and it will do the work of checking the versions for you, he just need to push the PR by himself after the script is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case an urgent release of a module is needed, run the  ```check_new_releases``` workflow manually.
```

Author: Fixed
